# TeamCity
No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2018.1
- Package version: 1.1.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen

## Requirements

PHP 5.5 and later

## Installation & Usage
### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "git",
      "url": "https://github.com/aceviralphp/team-city-php.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "aceviralphp/team-city-php": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
    require_once('/path/to/TeamCity/vendor/autoload.php');
```

## Tests

To run the unit tests:

```
composer install
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');

$apiInstance = new AceViral\TeamCity\Api\AgentApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client()
);
$agent_locator = "agent_locator_example"; // string | 

try {
    $apiInstance->deleteAgent($agent_locator);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling AgentApi->deleteAgent: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}

?>
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://10.0.0.115:8111*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AgentApi* | [**deleteAgent**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#deleteagent) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Delete an inactive agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgent**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getagent) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Get agent matching the locator.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgentField**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getagentfield) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getagentpool) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Get the agent pool of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAllAgents**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getallagents) | **GET** /app/rest/agents | Get all known agents.
*AgentApi* | [**getAuthorizedInfo**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getauthorizedinfo) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Get the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getBuildConfigurationRunPolicy**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getbuildconfigurationrunpolicy) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Get the build configuration run policy of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getCompatibleBuildTypes**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getcompatiblebuildtypes) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibleBuildTypes | Get build types compatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getEnabledInfo**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getenabledinfo) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Check if the matching agent is enabled.
*AgentApi* | [**getIncompatibleBuildTypes**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#getincompatiblebuildtypes) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/incompatibleBuildTypes | Get build types incompatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setAgentField**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#setagentfield) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#setagentpool) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Assign the matching agent to the specified agent pool.
*AgentApi* | [**setAuthorizedInfo**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#setauthorizedinfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Update the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setBuildConfigurationRunPolicy**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#setbuildconfigurationrunpolicy) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Update build configuration run policy of agent matching locator.
*AgentApi* | [**setEnabledInfo**](docs/Api/AgentApi.md#setenabledinfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Update the enablement status of the matching agent.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**addAgentToAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#addagenttoagentpool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Assign the agent to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**addProjectToAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#addprojecttoagentpool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Assign the project to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**createAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#createagentpool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools | Create a new agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteagentpool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Delete the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteAllProjectsFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteallprojectsfromagentpool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Unassign all projects from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteProjectFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteprojectfromagentpool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects/{projectLocator} | Unassign the project from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAgentPoolOfAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#getagentpoolofagentpool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Get the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllAgentPools**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#getallagentpools) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools | Get all agent pools.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllAgentsFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#getallagentsfromagentpool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Get the agent of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllProjectsFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#getallprojectsfromagentpool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Get all projects of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getFieldFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#getfieldfromagentpool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**setAgentPoolField**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#setagentpoolfield) | **PUT** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**setAgentPoolProjects**](docs/Api/AgentPoolApi.md#setagentpoolprojects) | **PUT** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Update projects of the matching agent pool.
*AuditApi* | [**getAllAuditEvents**](docs/Api/AuditApi.md#getallauditevents) | **GET** /app/rest/audit | Get all audit events.
*AuditApi* | [**getAuditEvent**](docs/Api/AuditApi.md#getauditevent) | **GET** /app/rest/audit/{auditEventLocator} | Get audit event matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**addBuildVcsLabel**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#addbuildvcslabel) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Add a VCS label to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addLogMessageToBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#addlogmessagetobuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/log | Adds a message to the build log. Service messages are accepted.
*BuildApi* | [**addProblemToBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#addproblemtobuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Add a build problem to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addTagsToBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#addtagstobuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addTagsToMultipleBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#addtagstomultiplebuilds) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**cancelBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#cancelbuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | cancelBuild
*BuildApi* | [**cancelMultiple**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#cancelmultiple) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | cancelMultipleBuilds
*BuildApi* | [**deleteBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#deletebuild) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Delete build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteBuildComment**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#deletebuildcomment) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Remove the build comment matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteMultipleBuildComments**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#deletemultiplebuildcomments) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Delete comments of multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteMultipleBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#deletemultiplebuilds) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Delete multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**downloadFileOfBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#downloadfileofbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**getAggregatedBuildStatus**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getaggregatedbuildstatus) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/status | Get the build status of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getAggregatedBuildStatusIcon**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getaggregatedbuildstatusicon) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getAllBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getallbuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/builds | Get all builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getArtifactDependencyChanges**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getartifactdependencychanges) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactDependencyChanges | Get artifact dependency changes of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getArtifactsDirectory**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getartifactsdirectory) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactsDirectory | Get the artifacts&#39; directory of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Get build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildActualParameters**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildactualparameters) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties | Get actual build parameters of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildField**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildfield) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildFinishDate**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildfinishdate) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Get the finish date of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildNumber**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildnumber) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Get the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildPinInfo**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildpininfo) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Check if the matching build is pinned.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildProblems**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildproblems) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Get build problems of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildRelatedIssues**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildrelatedissues) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/relatedIssues | Get related issues of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildResolved**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildresolved) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resolved/{value} | Get the resolvement status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildResultingProperties**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildresultingproperties) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties/{propertyName} | Update a build parameter of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildSourceFile**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildsourcefile) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/sources/files/{fileName} | Get a source file of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatisticValue**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildstatisticvalue) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics/{name} | Get a statistical value of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatisticValues**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildstatisticvalues) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics | Get all statistical values of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatusIcon**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildstatusicon) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatusText**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildstatustext) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Get the build status text of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildTags**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildtags) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildTestOccurrences**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildtestoccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/testOccurrences | Get test occurrences of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildVcsLabels**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getbuildvcslabels) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Get VCS labels of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getCanceledInfo**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getcanceledinfo) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/canceledInfo | Check if the matching build is canceled.
*BuildApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getfilemetadataofbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getfileslistforsubpathofbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildApi* | [**getFilesListOfBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getfileslistofbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts | List all files.
*BuildApi* | [**getMultipleBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getmultiplebuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Get multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**getZippedFileOfBuild**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#getzippedfileofbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildApi* | [**markBuildAsRunning**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#markbuildasrunning) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/runningData | Starts the queued build as an agent-less build and returns the corresponding running build.
*BuildApi* | [**pinMultipleBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#pinmultiplebuilds) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Pin multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**removeMultipleBuildTags**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#removemultiplebuildtags) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Remove tags from multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**resetBuildFinishProperties**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#resetbuildfinishproperties) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/caches/finishProperties | Remove build parameters from the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildComment**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildcomment) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Update the comment on the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildFinishDate**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildfinishdate) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildNumber**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildnumber) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Update the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildPinInfo**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildpininfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Update the pin info of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildStatusText**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildstatustext) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Update the build status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildTags**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setbuildtags) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Update tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setFinishedTime**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setfinishedtime) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finish | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**setMultipleBuildComments**](docs/Api/BuildApi.md#setmultiplebuildcomments) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Update comments in multiple matching builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**addBuildToQueue**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#addbuildtoqueue) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue | Add a new build to the queue.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**addTagsToBuildOfBuildQueue**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#addtagstobuildofbuildqueue) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**cancelQueuedBuild**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#cancelqueuedbuild) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Cancel a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**deleteAllQueuedBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#deleteallqueuedbuilds) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildQueue | Delete all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**deleteQueuedBuild**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#deletequeuedbuild) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Delete a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getAllQueuedBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#getallqueuedbuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue | Get all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getCompatibleAgentsForBuild**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#getcompatibleagentsforbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator}/compatibleAgents | Get compatible agents for a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuild**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#getqueuedbuild) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Get a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuildPosition**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#getqueuedbuildposition) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Get the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuildTags**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#getqueuedbuildtags) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**setQueuedBuildPosition**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#setqueuedbuildposition) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Update the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**setQueuedBuildsOrder**](docs/Api/BuildQueueApi.md#setqueuedbuildsorder) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildQueue/order | Update the build queue order.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addAgentRequirementToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addagentrequirementtobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Add an agent requirement to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addArtifactDependencyToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addartifactdependencytobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Add an artifact dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildFeatureToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addbuildfeaturetobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Add build feature to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildStepToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addbuildsteptobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Add a build step to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildTemplate**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addbuildtemplate) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Add a build template to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addParameterToBuildFeature**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addparametertobuildfeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Update build feature parameter for the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addParameterToBuildStep**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addparametertobuildstep) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Add a parameter to a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addSnapshotDependencyToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addsnapshotdependencytobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Add a snapshot dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addTriggerToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addtriggertobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Add a trigger to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addVcsRootToBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#addvcsroottobuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Add a VCS root to the matching build.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**createBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#createbuildparameterofbuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**createBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#createbuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes | Create a new build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteAgentRequirement**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteagentrequirement) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Remove an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteArtifactDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteartifactdependency) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Remove an artifact dependency from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletebuildparameterofbuildtype) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletebuildparametersofbuildtype) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildStep**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletebuildstep) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Delete a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildStepParameters**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletebuildstepparameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletebuildtype) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Delete build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteFeatureOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletefeatureofbuildtype) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Remove a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteSnapshotDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletesnapshotdependency) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Delete a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteTrigger**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletetrigger) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Delete a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteVcsRootOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#deletevcsrootofbuildtype) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**downloadFileOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#downloadfileofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAgentRequirement**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getagentrequirement) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Get an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAgentRequirementParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getagentrequirementparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a setting of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAliases**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getaliases) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/aliases | Get external IDs of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllAgentRequirements**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallagentrequirements) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Get all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllArtifactDependencies**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallartifactdependencies) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Get all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBranchesOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbranchesofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildFeatureParameters**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildfeatureparameters) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildFeatures**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildfeatures) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Get all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildStepParameters**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildstepparameters) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildSteps**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildsteps) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Get all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildTemplates**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildtemplates) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Get all build templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildTypes**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallbuildtypes) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes | Get all build configurations.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllInvestigationsOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallinvestigationsofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/investigations | Get all investigations of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllSnapshotDependencies**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallsnapshotdependencies) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Get all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllTriggers**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getalltriggers) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Get all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllVcsRootsOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getallvcsrootsofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Get all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getArtifactDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getartifactdependency) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Get an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getArtifactDependencyParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getartifactdependencyparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeature**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildfeature) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Get a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeatureParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildfeatureparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeatureSetting**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildfeaturesetting) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Get the setting of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildparameterofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildparameterspecificationofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildparametertypeofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterValueOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildparametervalueofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildparametersofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStep**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildstep) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Get a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStepParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildstepparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStepSetting**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildstepsetting) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Get the setting of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTemplate**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtemplate) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Get a template of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Get build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeBuildTags**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtypebuildtags) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/buildTags | Get tags of builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeBuilds**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtypebuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/builds | Get builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeField**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtypefield) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeSettingsFile**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getbuildtypesettingsfile) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getfilemetadataofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getfileslistforsubpathofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFilesListOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getfileslistofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest | List all files.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getSnapshotDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getsnapshotdependency) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Get a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getTrigger**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#gettrigger) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Get a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getTriggerParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#gettriggerparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRoot**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getvcsroot) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Get a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRootCheckoutRules**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getvcsrootcheckoutrules) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Get checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRootInstancesOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getvcsrootinstancesofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcsRootInstances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getZippedFileOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#getzippedfileofbuildtype) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**removeAllTemplates**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#removealltemplates) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Detach all templates from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**removeTemplate**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#removetemplate) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Detach a template from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAgentRequirement**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceagentrequirement) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Update an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllAgentRequirements**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallagentrequirements) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Update all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllArtifactDependencies**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallartifactdependencies) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Update all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllBuildFeatures**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallbuildfeatures) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Update all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllBuildSteps**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallbuildsteps) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Update all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllSnapshotDependencies**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallsnapshotdependencies) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Update all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllTriggers**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacealltriggers) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Update all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllVcsRoots**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceallvcsroots) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Update all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceArtifactDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceartifactdependency) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Update an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildFeature**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacebuildfeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Update a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildFeatureParameters**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacebuildfeatureparameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildStep**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacebuildstep) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Replace a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceSnapshotDependency**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacesnapshotdependency) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Update a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceTrigger**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#replacetrigger) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Update a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setAgentRequirementParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setagentrequirementparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setArtifactDependencyParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setartifactdependencyparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildFeatureParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setbuildfeatureparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildStepParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setbuildstepparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildTypeField**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setbuildtypefield) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildTypeTemplates**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#setbuildtypetemplates) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Update all templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setTriggerParameter**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#settriggerparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildparameterofbuildtype) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildparameterspecificationofbuildtype) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildparametertypeofbuildtype) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterValueOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildparametervalueofbuildtype) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildparametersofbuildtype) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildTypeVcsRoot**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildtypevcsroot) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Update a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildTypeVcsRootCheckoutRules**](docs/Api/BuildTypeApi.md#updatebuildtypevcsrootcheckoutrules) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Update checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*ChangeApi* | [**getAllChanges**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getallchanges) | **GET** /app/rest/changes | Get all changes.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChange**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchange) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator} | Get change matching the locator.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeAttributes**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangeattributes) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/attributes | Get attributes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeDuplicates**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangeduplicates) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/duplicates | Get duplicates of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeField**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangefield) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeFirstBuilds**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangefirstbuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/firstBuilds | Get first builds of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeIssue**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangeissue) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/issues | Get issues of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeParentChanges**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangeparentchanges) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentChanges | Get parent changes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeParentRevisions**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangeparentrevisions) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentRevisions | Get parent revisions of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeRelatedBuildTypes**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangerelatedbuildtypes) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/buildTypes | Get build configurations related to the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeVcsRoot**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getchangevcsroot) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/vcsRootInstance | Get a VCS root instance of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getUniqueCommiters**](docs/Api/ChangeApi.md#getuniquecommiters) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/commiters | Get unique commiters of the matching changes.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudImages**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getallcloudimages) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/images | Get all cloud images.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudInstances**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getallcloudinstances) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Get all cloud instances.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudProfiles**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getallcloudprofiles) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/profiles | Get all cloud profiles.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudImage**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getcloudimage) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/images/{imageLocator} | Get cloud image matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudInstance**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getcloudinstance) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Get cloud instance matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudProfile**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#getcloudprofile) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/profiles/{profileLocator} | Get cloud profile matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**startInstance**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#startinstance) | **POST** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Start a new cloud instance.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**stopInstance**](docs/Api/CloudInstanceApi.md#stopinstance) | **DELETE** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Stop cloud instance matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**addGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#addgroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups | Add a new user group.
*GroupApi* | [**addRoleAtScopeToGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#addroleatscopetogroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**addRoleToGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#addroletogroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**deleteGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#deletegroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Delete user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**getAllGroups**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getallgroups) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups | Get all user groups.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupParentGroups**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getgroupparentgroups) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Get parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupProperties**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getgroupproperties) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties | Get properties of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupProperty**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getgroupproperty) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupRoleAtScope**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getgrouproleatscope) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a role with the specific scope of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupRoles**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getgrouproles) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Get all roles of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getUserGroupOfGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#getusergroupofgroup) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Get user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**removeGroupProperty**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#removegroupproperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**removeRoleAtScopeFromGroup**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#removeroleatscopefromgroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupParentGroups**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#setgroupparentgroups) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Update parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupProperty**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#setgroupproperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupRoles**](docs/Api/GroupApi.md#setgrouproles) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Update roles of the matching user group.
*InvestigationApi* | [**addInvestigation**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#addinvestigation) | **POST** /app/rest/investigations | Create a new investigation.
*InvestigationApi* | [**addMultipleInvestigations**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#addmultipleinvestigations) | **POST** /app/rest/investigations/multiple | Create multiple new investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**deleteInvestigation**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#deleteinvestigation) | **DELETE** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Delete investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**getAllInvestigations**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#getallinvestigations) | **GET** /app/rest/investigations | Get all investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**getInvestigation**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#getinvestigation) | **GET** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Get investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**replaceInvestigation**](docs/Api/InvestigationApi.md#replaceinvestigation) | **PUT** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Update investigation matching the locator.
*MuteApi* | [**getAllMutedTests**](docs/Api/MuteApi.md#getallmutedtests) | **GET** /app/rest/mutes | Get all muted tests.
*MuteApi* | [**getMutedTest**](docs/Api/MuteApi.md#getmutedtest) | **GET** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Get a muted test.
*MuteApi* | [**muteMultipleTests**](docs/Api/MuteApi.md#mutemultipletests) | **POST** /app/rest/mutes/multiple | Mute multiple tests.
*MuteApi* | [**muteTest**](docs/Api/MuteApi.md#mutetest) | **POST** /app/rest/mutes | Mute a test.
*MuteApi* | [**unmuteTest**](docs/Api/MuteApi.md#unmutetest) | **DELETE** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Unmute the matching test.
*ProblemApi* | [**getAllBuildProblems**](docs/Api/ProblemApi.md#getallbuildproblems) | **GET** /app/rest/problems | Get all build problems.
*ProblemApi* | [**getBuildProblem**](docs/Api/ProblemApi.md#getbuildproblem) | **GET** /app/rest/problems/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**getAllBuildProblemOccurrences**](docs/Api/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#getallbuildproblemoccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/problemOccurrences | Get all build problem occurrences.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**getBuildProblemOccurrence**](docs/Api/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#getbuildproblemoccurrence) | **GET** /app/rest/problemOccurrences/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem occurrence.
*ProjectApi* | [**addAgentPoolsProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addagentpoolsproject) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Assign the matching project to the agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**addBuildType**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addbuildtype) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/buildTypes | Add a build configuration to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addFeature**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addfeature) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Add a feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**addProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addproject) | **POST** /app/rest/projects | Create a new project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addSecureToken**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addsecuretoken) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/tokens | Create a new secure token for the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addTemplate**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#addtemplate) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Add a build configuration template to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**createBuildParameter**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#createbuildparameter) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteBuildParameter**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#deletebuildparameter) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteBuildParameters**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#deletebuildparameters) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteFeature**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#deletefeature) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Delete a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#deleteproject) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Delete project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAgentPoolsProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getagentpoolsproject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Get agent pools appointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllBranches**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getallbranches) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllProjects**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getallprojects) | **GET** /app/rest/projects | Get all projects.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllSubprojectsOrdered**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getallsubprojectsordered) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Get all subprojects ordered of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameter**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getbuildparameter) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterSpecification**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getbuildparameterspecification) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterType**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getbuildparametertype) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterValue**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getbuildparametervalue) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameters**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getbuildparameters) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**getDefaultTemplate**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getdefaulttemplate) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Get the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getFeature**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getfeature) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Get a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**getFeatures**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getfeatures) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Get all features.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getproject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Get project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectField**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getprojectfield) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectParentProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getprojectparentproject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Get the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectSettingsFile**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getprojectsettingsfile) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectTemplates**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getprojecttemplates) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Get all templates of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getSecureValue**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#getsecurevalue) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/values/{token} | Get a secure token of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**removeDefaultTemplate**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#removedefaulttemplate) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Remove the default template from the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**removeProjectFromAgentPool**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#removeprojectfromagentpool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Unassign a project from the matching agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**setAgentPoolsProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setagentpoolsproject) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Update agent pools apppointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setBuildTypesOrder**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setbuildtypesorder) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/buildTypes | Update all build configurations order of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setDefaultTemplate**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setdefaulttemplate) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Update the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setParentProject**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setparentproject) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Update the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setProjectField**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setprojectfield) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setSubprojectsOrder**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#setsubprojectsorder) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Update all subprojects order of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameter**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatebuildparameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterSpecification**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatebuildparameterspecification) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterType**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatebuildparametertype) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterValue**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatebuildparametervalue) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameters**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatebuildparameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateFeature**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatefeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Update a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateFeatures**](docs/Api/ProjectApi.md#updatefeatures) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Update all features.
*RootApi* | [**getApiVersion**](docs/Api/RootApi.md#getapiversion) | **GET** /app/rest/apiVersion | Get the API version.
*RootApi* | [**getPluginInfo**](docs/Api/RootApi.md#getplugininfo) | **GET** /app/rest/info | Get the plugin info.
*RootApi* | [**getRootEndpointsOfRoot**](docs/Api/RootApi.md#getrootendpointsofroot) | **GET** /app/rest | Get root endpoints.
*RootApi* | [**getVersion**](docs/Api/RootApi.md#getversion) | **GET** /app/rest/version | Get the TeamCity server version.
*ServerApi* | [**addLicenseKeys**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#addlicensekeys) | **POST** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Add license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**deleteLicenseKey**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#deletelicensekey) | **DELETE** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Delete a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**downloadFileOfServer**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#downloadfileofserver) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/files{path} | Download specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**getAllMetrics**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getallmetrics) | **GET** /app/rest/server/metrics | Get metrics.
*ServerApi* | [**getAllPlugins**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getallplugins) | **GET** /app/rest/server/plugins | Get all plugins.
*ServerApi* | [**getBackupStatus**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getbackupstatus) | **GET** /app/rest/server/backup | Get the latest backup status.
*ServerApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfServer**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getfilemetadataofserver) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfServer**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getfileslistforsubpathofserver) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/{path} | List files under this path.
*ServerApi* | [**getFilesListOfServer**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getfileslistofserver) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId} | List all files.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicenseKey**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getlicensekey) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Get a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicenseKeys**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getlicensekeys) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Get all license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicensingData**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getlicensingdata) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData | Get the licensing data.
*ServerApi* | [**getServerField**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getserverfield) | **GET** /app/rest/server/{field} | Get a field of the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**getServerInfo**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getserverinfo) | **GET** /app/rest/server | Get the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**getZippedFileOfServer**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#getzippedfileofserver) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*ServerApi* | [**startBackup**](docs/Api/ServerApi.md#startbackup) | **POST** /app/rest/server/backup | Start a new backup.
*TestApi* | [**getTest**](docs/Api/TestApi.md#gettest) | **GET** /app/rest/tests/{testLocator} | Get a matching test.
*TestApi* | [**getTests**](docs/Api/TestApi.md#gettests) | **GET** /app/rest/tests | Get all tests.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**getAllTestOccurrences**](docs/Api/TestOccurrenceApi.md#getalltestoccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/testOccurrences | Get all test occurrences.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**getTestOccurrence**](docs/Api/TestOccurrenceApi.md#gettestoccurrence) | **GET** /app/rest/testOccurrences/{testLocator} | Get a matching test occurrence.
*UserApi* | [**addRoleToUser**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#addroletouser) | **POST** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**addRoleToUserAtScope**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#addroletouseratscope) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**addUser**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#adduser) | **POST** /app/rest/users | Create a new user.
*UserApi* | [**addUserToken**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#addusertoken) | **POST** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Create a new authentication token for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUser**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#deleteuser) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Delete user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUserField**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#deleteuserfield) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUserToken**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#deleteusertoken) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens/{name} | Remove an authentication token from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUserGroups**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getallusergroups) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Get all groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUserRoles**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getalluserroles) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Get all user roles of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUsers**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getallusers) | **GET** /app/rest/users | Get all users.
*UserApi* | [**getUser**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuser) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Get user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**getUserField**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuserfield) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserGroup**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getusergroup) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Get a user group of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserPermissions**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuserpermissions) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/permissions | Get all permissions effective for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserProperties**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuserproperties) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserProperty**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuserproperty) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserRolesAtScope**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getuserrolesatscope) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a user role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserTokens**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#getusertokens) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Get all authentication tokens of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserFromGroup**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#removeuserfromgroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Remove the matching user from the specific group.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserProperty**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#removeuserproperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserRememberMe**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#removeuserrememberme) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/debug/rememberMe | Remove the RememberMe data of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserRoleAtScope**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#removeuserroleatscope) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**replaceUser**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#replaceuser) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Update user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**setUserField**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#setuserfield) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserGroups**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#setusergroups) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Update groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserProperty**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#setuserproperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserRoles**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#setuserroles) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Update user roles of the matching user.
*VcsRootApi* | [**addVcsRoot**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#addvcsroot) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Add a new VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteAllVcsRootProperties**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#deleteallvcsrootproperties) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Delete all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteVcsRoot**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#deletevcsroot) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove VCS root matching the locator.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteVcsRootProperty**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#deletevcsrootproperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Delete a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getAllVcsRootProperties**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getallvcsrootproperties) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getAllVcsRoots**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getallvcsroots) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Get all VCS roots.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getRootEndpoints**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getrootendpoints) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Get root endpoints.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootField**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getvcsrootfield) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootInstances**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getvcsrootinstances) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/instances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootProperty**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getvcsrootproperty) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property on the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootSettingsFile**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#getvcsrootsettingsfile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootField**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#setvcsrootfield) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootProperties**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#setvcsrootproperties) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Update all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootProperty**](docs/Api/VcsRootApi.md#setvcsrootproperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**deleteVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#deletevcsrootinstancefield) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Remove a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**deleteVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#deletevcsrootinstancerepositorystate) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Delete the last repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**downloadFile**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#downloadfile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getAllVcsRootInstances**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getallvcsrootinstances) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances | Get all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFileMetadata**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getfilemetadata) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFilesList**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getfileslist) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest | List all files.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpath**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getfileslistforsubpath) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstance**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getvcsrootinstance) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator} | Get VCS root instance matching the locator.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceCreationDate**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getvcsrootinstancecreationdate) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState/creationDate | Get the creation date of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getvcsrootinstancefield) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceProperties**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getvcsrootinstanceproperties) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getvcsrootinstancerepositorystate) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Get the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getZippedFile**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getzippedfile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**requestPendingChangesCheck**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#requestpendingchangescheck) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/checkingForChangesQueue | Check for the pending changes for all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**setVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#setvcsrootinstancefield) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**setVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#setvcsrootinstancerepositorystate) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Update the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**triggerCommitHookNotification**](docs/Api/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#triggercommithooknotification) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/commitHookNotification | Send the commit hook notification.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Agent](docs/Model/Agent.md)
 - [AgentLocator](docs/Model/AgentLocator.md)
 - [AgentPool](docs/Model/AgentPool.md)
 - [AgentPoolLocator](docs/Model/AgentPoolLocator.md)
 - [AgentPools](docs/Model/AgentPools.md)
 - [AgentRequirement](docs/Model/AgentRequirement.md)
 - [AgentRequirements](docs/Model/AgentRequirements.md)
 - [Agents](docs/Model/Agents.md)
 - [ArtifactDependencies](docs/Model/ArtifactDependencies.md)
 - [ArtifactDependency](docs/Model/ArtifactDependency.md)
 - [AuditAction](docs/Model/AuditAction.md)
 - [AuditEvent](docs/Model/AuditEvent.md)
 - [AuditEvents](docs/Model/AuditEvents.md)
 - [AuditLocator](docs/Model/AuditLocator.md)
 - [AuthorizedInfo](docs/Model/AuthorizedInfo.md)
 - [Branch](docs/Model/Branch.md)
 - [BranchLocator](docs/Model/BranchLocator.md)
 - [BranchVersion](docs/Model/BranchVersion.md)
 - [Branches](docs/Model/Branches.md)
 - [Build](docs/Model/Build.md)
 - [BuildCancelRequest](docs/Model/BuildCancelRequest.md)
 - [BuildChange](docs/Model/BuildChange.md)
 - [BuildChanges](docs/Model/BuildChanges.md)
 - [BuildLocator](docs/Model/BuildLocator.md)
 - [BuildQueueLocator](docs/Model/BuildQueueLocator.md)
 - [BuildTriggerCustomization](docs/Model/BuildTriggerCustomization.md)
 - [BuildTriggeringOptions](docs/Model/BuildTriggeringOptions.md)
 - [BuildType](docs/Model/BuildType.md)
 - [BuildTypeLocator](docs/Model/BuildTypeLocator.md)
 - [BuildTypes](docs/Model/BuildTypes.md)
 - [Builds](docs/Model/Builds.md)
 - [Change](docs/Model/Change.md)
 - [ChangeLocator](docs/Model/ChangeLocator.md)
 - [Changes](docs/Model/Changes.md)
 - [CloudImage](docs/Model/CloudImage.md)
 - [CloudImages](docs/Model/CloudImages.md)
 - [CloudInstance](docs/Model/CloudInstance.md)
 - [CloudInstances](docs/Model/CloudInstances.md)
 - [CloudProfile](docs/Model/CloudProfile.md)
 - [CloudProfiles](docs/Model/CloudProfiles.md)
 - [Comment](docs/Model/Comment.md)
 - [Commiter](docs/Model/Commiter.md)
 - [Commiters](docs/Model/Commiters.md)
 - [Compatibilities](docs/Model/Compatibilities.md)
 - [Compatibility](docs/Model/Compatibility.md)
 - [CompatibilityPolicy](docs/Model/CompatibilityPolicy.md)
 - [Customizations](docs/Model/Customizations.md)
 - [Datas](docs/Model/Datas.md)
 - [EnabledInfo](docs/Model/EnabledInfo.md)
 - [Entries](docs/Model/Entries.md)
 - [Entry](docs/Model/Entry.md)
 - [Environment](docs/Model/Environment.md)
 - [Feature](docs/Model/Feature.md)
 - [Features](docs/Model/Features.md)
 - [File](docs/Model/File.md)
 - [FileChange](docs/Model/FileChange.md)
 - [FileChanges](docs/Model/FileChanges.md)
 - [Files](docs/Model/Files.md)
 - [Group](docs/Model/Group.md)
 - [Groups](docs/Model/Groups.md)
 - [Href](docs/Model/Href.md)
 - [Investigation](docs/Model/Investigation.md)
 - [InvestigationLocator](docs/Model/InvestigationLocator.md)
 - [Investigations](docs/Model/Investigations.md)
 - [Issue](docs/Model/Issue.md)
 - [IssueUsage](docs/Model/IssueUsage.md)
 - [Issues](docs/Model/Issues.md)
 - [IssuesUsages](docs/Model/IssuesUsages.md)
 - [Items](docs/Model/Items.md)
 - [LicenseKey](docs/Model/LicenseKey.md)
 - [LicenseKeys](docs/Model/LicenseKeys.md)
 - [LicensingData](docs/Model/LicensingData.md)
 - [Link](docs/Model/Link.md)
 - [Links](docs/Model/Links.md)
 - [MetaData](docs/Model/MetaData.md)
 - [Metric](docs/Model/Metric.md)
 - [MetricTag](docs/Model/MetricTag.md)
 - [MetricTags](docs/Model/MetricTags.md)
 - [MetricValue](docs/Model/MetricValue.md)
 - [MetricValues](docs/Model/MetricValues.md)
 - [Metrics](docs/Model/Metrics.md)
 - [MultipleOperationResult](docs/Model/MultipleOperationResult.md)
 - [Mute](docs/Model/Mute.md)
 - [MuteLocator](docs/Model/MuteLocator.md)
 - [Mutes](docs/Model/Mutes.md)
 - [NewBuildTypeDescription](docs/Model/NewBuildTypeDescription.md)
 - [NewProjectDescription](docs/Model/NewProjectDescription.md)
 - [OperationResult](docs/Model/OperationResult.md)
 - [ParsedTestName](docs/Model/ParsedTestName.md)
 - [Permission](docs/Model/Permission.md)
 - [PermissionAssignment](docs/Model/PermissionAssignment.md)
 - [PermissionAssignments](docs/Model/PermissionAssignments.md)
 - [PermissionRestriction](docs/Model/PermissionRestriction.md)
 - [PermissionRestrictions](docs/Model/PermissionRestrictions.md)
 - [PinInfo](docs/Model/PinInfo.md)
 - [Plugin](docs/Model/Plugin.md)
 - [Plugins](docs/Model/Plugins.md)
 - [Problem](docs/Model/Problem.md)
 - [ProblemLocator](docs/Model/ProblemLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrence](docs/Model/ProblemOccurrence.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrenceLocator](docs/Model/ProblemOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrences](docs/Model/ProblemOccurrences.md)
 - [ProblemScope](docs/Model/ProblemScope.md)
 - [ProblemTarget](docs/Model/ProblemTarget.md)
 - [Problems](docs/Model/Problems.md)
 - [ProgressInfo](docs/Model/ProgressInfo.md)
 - [Project](docs/Model/Project.md)
 - [ProjectFeature](docs/Model/ProjectFeature.md)
 - [ProjectFeatures](docs/Model/ProjectFeatures.md)
 - [ProjectLocator](docs/Model/ProjectLocator.md)
 - [Projects](docs/Model/Projects.md)
 - [Properties](docs/Model/Properties.md)
 - [Property](docs/Model/Property.md)
 - [Related](docs/Model/Related.md)
 - [RelatedEntities](docs/Model/RelatedEntities.md)
 - [RelatedEntity](docs/Model/RelatedEntity.md)
 - [RepositoryState](docs/Model/RepositoryState.md)
 - [Requirements](docs/Model/Requirements.md)
 - [Resolution](docs/Model/Resolution.md)
 - [Revision](docs/Model/Revision.md)
 - [Revisions](docs/Model/Revisions.md)
 - [Role](docs/Model/Role.md)
 - [Roles](docs/Model/Roles.md)
 - [Server](docs/Model/Server.md)
 - [SnapshotDependencies](docs/Model/SnapshotDependencies.md)
 - [SnapshotDependency](docs/Model/SnapshotDependency.md)
 - [StateField](docs/Model/StateField.md)
 - [Step](docs/Model/Step.md)
 - [Steps](docs/Model/Steps.md)
 - [Tag](docs/Model/Tag.md)
 - [TagLocator](docs/Model/TagLocator.md)
 - [Tags](docs/Model/Tags.md)
 - [Test](docs/Model/Test.md)
 - [TestCounters](docs/Model/TestCounters.md)
 - [TestLocator](docs/Model/TestLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrence](docs/Model/TestOccurrence.md)
 - [TestOccurrenceLocator](docs/Model/TestOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrences](docs/Model/TestOccurrences.md)
 - [TestRunMetadata](docs/Model/TestRunMetadata.md)
 - [Tests](docs/Model/Tests.md)
 - [Token](docs/Model/Token.md)
 - [Tokens](docs/Model/Tokens.md)
 - [Trigger](docs/Model/Trigger.md)
 - [TriggeredBy](docs/Model/TriggeredBy.md)
 - [Triggers](docs/Model/Triggers.md)
 - [Type](docs/Model/Type.md)
 - [TypedValue](docs/Model/TypedValue.md)
 - [User](docs/Model/User.md)
 - [UserGroupLocator](docs/Model/UserGroupLocator.md)
 - [UserLocator](docs/Model/UserLocator.md)
 - [Users](docs/Model/Users.md)
 - [VcsCheckStatus](docs/Model/VcsCheckStatus.md)
 - [VcsLabel](docs/Model/VcsLabel.md)
 - [VcsLabels](docs/Model/VcsLabels.md)
 - [VcsRoot](docs/Model/VcsRoot.md)
 - [VcsRootEntries](docs/Model/VcsRootEntries.md)
 - [VcsRootEntry](docs/Model/VcsRootEntry.md)
 - [VcsRootInstance](docs/Model/VcsRootInstance.md)
 - [VcsRootInstanceLocator](docs/Model/VcsRootInstanceLocator.md)
 - [VcsRootInstances](docs/Model/VcsRootInstances.md)
 - [VcsRootLocator](docs/Model/VcsRootLocator.md)
 - [VcsRoots](docs/Model/VcsRoots.md)
 - [VcsStatus](docs/Model/VcsStatus.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




